[Modules] Format the metadata.json and aligned the Name and Description for all Modules and Updated Readme (#3309)
Azure/ResourceModules: modules/healthcare-apis/workspaces/iotconnectors/README.md

> # Health Care API Workspace IoT Connectors `[Microsoft.HealthcareApis/workspaces/iotconnectors]`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Healthcare API Workspace IoT Connectors `[Microsoft.HealthcareApis/workspaces/iotconnectors]`
```

> This module deploys a Health Care API Workspace IoT Connector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module deploys a Healthcare API Workspace IoT Connector.
```
